it's always interesting when we take a
seminal Disney property like Snow White
in the Seven Dwarves and translated from
their original 2d hand-drawn characters
that were presented in the film and
create these dimensional figures these
figures have taken the Audion
electronics technology to a whole nother
level we had to invent this there was a
lot of discovery involved this was the
first time we've done a full 3d design
and delivery process on any of our audio
medtronic figures it's enabled us to do
things with characters that we've never
been able to do before like working with
Walt Disney Animation Studios
I think the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train
project has been one of the most
collaborative projects I've ever been on
here at Walt Disney Imagineering
we've pulled in people from dozens of
different disciplines the process of
bringing these dwarfs to life started
with a sketch as everything does here at
Walt Disney Imagineering
then it became a sculpture scanned into
the computer then our engineers started
doing some preliminary engineering on
what the dwarfs were actually gonna be
capable of doing then we worked with our
team at Walt Disney Animation Studios to
produce media there's so many new things
that are happening on these Dwarfs we
reference the original movie we really
studied how those dwarves behaved their
facial features when they're speaking or
singing there's so much new technology
out there we can really make these
characters look like they've jumped off
the screen
I think our guests are going to feel
like they're experiencing these
characters in a really unique way seeing
the fear joy of people experiencing what
really boils down to is Disney magic 50
years ago Walt Disney they viewed audio
Medtronic s' I think he'd be so proud of
how these characters are coming to life